Rename data types to corresponding PostgreSQL data types. (#8441)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/config/cluster.rst

  Defines the refresh interval to refresh tables statistics used to produce
  optimal query execution plans.

>   This field expects a time value eitheras a ``bigint`` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This field expects a time value either as a ``bigint`` or
```
